w3--backend/README.md, before:

# Week 3

#### [class notes for the week](notes/)

## Day 1

- Introduction to Ruby
- Differences from JavaScript
- Datatypes
- Conditionals
- Blocks and iterators
- Methods

### Links

- [Slides from class](https://momentumlearn.github.io/ruby-day1-slides/index.html#/)
- [Ruby Programming Language](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)
- [Ruby Docs](http://ruby-doc.org/core-2.5.0/)
- [GitHub Ruby Style Guide](https://github.com/github/rubocop-github/blob/master/STYLEGUIDE.md)
- [bbatsov Ruby Style Guide](https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide#source-code-layout)
- [Learn to Program by Chris Pine](https://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/)
- [Map, Select, and other Enum methods](http://www.eriktrautman.com/posts/ruby-explained-map-select-and-other-enumerable-methods)
- [code demo from class](notes/intro-ruby.rb)
- [Learn Ruby the Hard Way from Zed Shaw](https://learnrubythehardway.org/book/) - this is a comprehensive tutorial that will review what we've done in class and give you some extra practice, if you find that you need it.

## Day 2

- Using “require”
- Using classes & objects
- Ruby standard library
- Making classes & objects

### Links

- [Ruby standard library](http://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.5.0/)
- [Writing Your Own Class in Ruby](http://rubylearning.com/satishtalim/writing_our_own_class_in_ruby.html)
- [Ruby on GitHub](https://github.com/topics/ruby)

## Day 3

- RISE principles
- Method params
- Modules
- Inheritance

### Links

- [Pry](https://github.com/pry/pry)
- [Ruby's method lookup](https://practicingruby.com/articles/method-lookup-1)
- [Methods and their Parameters](https://ruby-doc.com/docs/ProgrammingRuby/html/tut_methods.html)
- Some other types of method parameters
  - [keyword arguments](https://robots.thoughtbot.com/ruby-2-keyword-arguments)
  - [options hash](http://blog.rlmflores.me/blog/2012/07/16/method-with-options/)
  - [splat](https://devblast.com/b/ruby-splat-operator/)
  - [more splat](http://www.monkeyandcrow.com/blog/the_strange_ruby_splat/)
- [Ruby Inheritance](http://rubylearning.com/satishtalim/ruby_inheritance.html)
- [SOLID principles](https://robots.thoughtbot.com/back-to-basics-solid)
- [RISE: Principles for OO Design](notes/rise.rb)
- [Using Include, Require, and Modules](https://commandercoriander.net/blog/2012/11/08/include-require-and-modules/)

Commit message:

Add demo on OOP in Ruby

w3--backend/README.md, after:

# Week 3

#### [class notes for the week](notes/)

## Day 1

- Introduction to Ruby
- Differences from JavaScript
- Datatypes
- Conditionals
- Blocks and iterators
- Methods

### Links

- [Slides from class](https://momentumlearn.github.io/ruby-day1-slides/index.html#/)
- [Ruby Programming Language](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)
- [Ruby Docs](http://ruby-doc.org/core-2.5.0/)
- [GitHub Ruby Style Guide](https://github.com/github/rubocop-github/blob/master/STYLEGUIDE.md)
- [bbatsov Ruby Style Guide](https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide#source-code-layout)
- [Learn to Program by Chris Pine](https://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/)
- [Map, Select, and other Enum methods](http://www.eriktrautman.com/posts/ruby-explained-map-select-and-other-enumerable-methods)
- [code demo from class](notes/intro-ruby.rb)
- [Learn Ruby the Hard Way from Zed Shaw](https://learnrubythehardway.org/book/) - this is a comprehensive tutorial that will review what we've done in class and give you some extra practice, if you find that you need it.

## Day 2

- Using “require”
- Using classes & objects
- Ruby standard library
- Making classes & objects

### Links

- [Ruby standard library](http://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.5.0/)
- [Ruby Equality and Object Comparison](https://www.skorks.com/2009/09/ruby-equality-and-object-comparison/)
- [Writing Your Own Class in Ruby](http://rubylearning.com/satishtalim/writing_our_own_class_in_ruby.html)
- [Ruby on GitHub](https://github.com/topics/ruby)
- [code demo from class](notes/oop-phones)

## Day 3

- RISE principles
- Method params
- Modules
- Inheritance

### Links

- [Pry](https://github.com/pry/pry)
- [Ruby's method lookup](https://practicingruby.com/articles/method-lookup-1)
- [Methods and their Parameters](https://ruby-doc.com/docs/ProgrammingRuby/html/tut_methods.html)
- Some other types of method parameters
  - [keyword arguments](https://robots.thoughtbot.com/ruby-2-keyword-arguments)
  - [options hash](http://blog.rlmflores.me/blog/2012/07/16/method-with-options/)
  - [splat](https://devblast.com/b/ruby-splat-operator/)
  - [more splat](http://www.monkeyandcrow.com/blog/the_strange_ruby_splat/)
- [Ruby Inheritance](http://rubylearning.com/satishtalim/ruby_inheritance.html)
- [SOLID principles](https://robots.thoughtbot.com/back-to-basics-solid)
- [RISE: Principles for OO Design](notes/rise.rb)
- [Using Include, Require, and Modules](https://commandercoriander.net/blog/2012/11/08/include-require-and-modules/)
